fix(watch): watch will trigger when added new keys using `set` (#468)
vuejs/composition-api: README.md

a.list[1].count === 1 // true
```

</details>

> <details1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details>
```
😆

> <summary>
> ⚠️ adding new reactive properties `Vue.set`
> </summary>
> 
> > Part of the limitation of [Vue 2.x reactivity](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/reactivity.html#For-Objects) is to track new keys on an `object` you need to call `Vue.set`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary>
⚠️ `set` workaround for adding new reactive properties
</summary>

> ⚠️ Warning: `set` does NOT exist in Vue 3. We provide it as a workaround here, due to the limitation of [Vue 2.x reactivity system](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/reactivity.html#For-Objects). In Vue 2, you will need to call `set` to track new keys on an `object`(similar to `Vue.set` but for `reactive objects` created by the Composition API). In Vue 3, you can just assign them like normal objects.
```
